{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red71\green71\blue71;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Problem 2: H4$H Browns\
Bessie the cow really likes potatoes, so she always gets hash browns for breakfast. \
Unfortunately, Farmer John has had a particularly bad year with potatoes, and can no longer \
supply Bessie with potatoes for her hash browns. Remembering that she is a student at the Moo \
Institute of Tractorology, Bessie signs into one of her many *free* Amazing Student accounts \
(an online marketplace) to buy potatoes from elsewhere.\
\
So far at school, Bessie has made N (1 <= N <= 1000) accounts (all *free*), and since there is \
a limit on how many potatoes can be bought per account, she would like to use all of her \
accounts to maximize the number of potatoes (and thus, hash browns) that she can acquire.\
\
At checkout, Bessie realizes that she needs to re-enter her credit card information for that \
account in order to confirm her identity. Unfortunately, Bessie has M (1 <= M <= 1000) \
different credit cards, and each of her Amazing Student accounts is linked to exactly one. \
What's worse, Amazing Student has hashed her credit card number, and Bessie doesn't know how \
which card each account corresponds with!\
\
Luckily for her, Bessie learns on HeapUnderflow (a forum) that the hash is performed by taking \
each of D digits (5 <= D <= 20), adding the fourth power of the index and the fourth power of \
D - index, multiplying that by D
\fs20 \super 2
\fs24 \nosupersub , then doing an integer divide by (D - 3)
\fs20 \super 2
\fs24 \nosupersub  to obtain a \
sequence of D integers.\
\
Mathematically, the "hash" for a digit d, for some length D, at an index k, is\
\
(d + k
\fs20 \super 4
\fs24 \nosupersub  + (D - k)
\fs20 \super 4
\fs24 \nosupersub ) * D
\fs20 \super 2
\fs24 \nosupersub  / (D - 3)
\fs20 \super 2
\fs24 \nosupersub \
\
Given the poorly-hashed credit card numbers, please help Bessie determine which credit card \
number corresponds to which account, so that she can buy herself some 'taters!\
\
INPUT FORMAT:\
* Line 1: Three integers, N, M, and D.\
* Line 2..M+1: D digits, corresponding to one of Bessie's credit card numbers. This is guaranteed to be unique.\
* Line M+2..N+M+3: D space-separated integers, representing the hashes of Bessie's credit card numbers.\
\
SAMPLE INPUT (stdin):\
3 4 5\
54100\
15012\
20162\
32123\
3937 1631 612 606 1606\
3925 1618 612 618 1625\
3937 1631 612 606 1606\
OUTPUT FORMAT:\
N lines of output. Line i contains the credit card number for the hash given on line i+M+1.\
\
SAMPLE OUTPUT (stdout):\
54100\
32123\
54100\
\
EXPLANATION:\
\
To hash 54100, for example, we start with the 5, which is at index 0. Thus, its hashed value \
is int((5 + 0
\fs20 \super 4
\fs24 \nosupersub  + (5 - 0)
\fs20 \super 4
\fs24 \nosupersub ) * 5
\fs20 \super 2
\fs24 \nosupersub  / (5 - 3)
\fs20 \super 2
\fs24 \nosupersub )= 3937. Other numbers are computed similarly.}